---
title: Campaign v8 2022 release notes
description: List of features and improvemens coming with 2022 Campaign v8 releases
feature: Release Notes
exl-id: 76473fa5-48ba-42cf-8664-0dd197833a86
---
# 2022 release notes{#2022-rn}

This page lists new capabilities, improvements and fixes coming with **2022 Campaign v8 Releases**.

## Release 8.4.2 {#release-8-4-2}

_October 28, 2022_

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue which prevented the Success delivery indicator from being updated correctly when using Adobe Campaign Enhanced MTA. (NEO-50462)

## Release 8.4.1 {#release-8-4-1}

_September 30, 2022_

**What's new?**

<table> 
<thead>
<tr> 
<th> <strong>Adobe Campaign integration with Adobe Experience Platform</strong><br /> </th> 
</tr> 
</thead> 
<tbody> 
<tr> 
<td><p>New destination and source connectors are now available to allow seamless integration between Adobe Campaign and Adobe Experience Platform:</p>
<ul><li>Use Adobe Campaign Managed Cloud Services destination connector to send Experience Platform segments over to Adobe Campaign for activation,</li>
<li>Use Adobe Campaign Managed Cloud Service source connector to send Adobe Campaign delivery and tracking logs over to Adobe Experience Platform.</li>
</ul>
<p>For more information, refer to the <a href="../connect/ac-aep.md">detailed documentation</a>.</p>
</td> 
</tr> 
</tbody> 
</table>

<table> 
<thead>
<tr> 
<th> <strong>X (formerly known as Twitter) channel availability</strong><br /> </th> 
</tr> 
</thead> 
<tbody> 
<tr> 
<td> <p>The <a href="../send/twitter.md">X social channel</a> is now available with Campaign v8. You can:</p>
<ul> 
<li><p>Send messages on X (formerly known as Twitter): Adobe Campaign lets you post messages directly to your X account. You can also send direct messages to all your followers.
</p></li>
<li><p>Collect new contacts: Adobe Campaign can automatically recovers the profile data, which enables you to carry out targeting campaigns and implement cross-channel strategies.
</p></li>
</ul>
<p>Learn how to connect Campaign and X in the <a href="../connect/ac-tw.md">detailed documentation</a>.</p>
<p>Learn how to create posts and send direct messages with Campaign in <a href="../connect/ac-tw.md">this page</a>.</p>
</td> 
</tr> 
</tbody> 
</table>

**Security enhancement**

To optimize security, security tokens have been removed from URLs generated by Campaign:
 
* This change only applies to GET URLs. Other types, including POST URLs, are not affected.
* If you use custom code, security tokens are not retrieved from the GET URL securitytoken parameter anymore. You have to generate a new security token using the following JSSP code: 

    ```getNewSecurityToken(jsspContext.getSessionToken(), jsspContext.getSecurityToken(), true);``` 

    You can also use the Login API to fetch security tokens.
* There is no change in session token management.

**Improvements**

* Following the end of life of Microsoft Internet Explorer 11, the HTML rendering engine in the console is now using **Microsoft Edge Chromium**. Additionally, installation of **Microsoft Edge WebView 2** runtime is now required for any client console installation. 
* Improved workflow execution with Workflow high availability which allows you to run simultaneous workflows across different containers to prevent the loss of workflow service and avoid related execution errors. **Note**: This new capability is released in Limited Availability to a set of customers only. 
* Privacy requests are now performed in batch for a given privacy namespace. This improvement increases execution time for GDPR/privacy delete requests. 

**Compatibility updates**

* Campaign v8 SDK now supports iOS 16 for Push Notifications.

Refer to the [Campaign Compatibility matrix](compatibility-matrix.md).

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue which impacted the Delivery log status updates on the MID instance, when the FeatureFlag_GZIP_Compression option was enabled. (NEO-49183)
* Fixed an issue which could lead deliveries to stay in **Pending** status even if contact date was reached. (NEO-48079)
* Fixed an issue in workflows which could prevent files from being updated on server when using the **Data loading (file)** activity. The process stopped at 100% but never ended. (NEO-47269)
* Fixed an issue during postupgrade on japanese environments. (NEO-46640)
* Fixed an issue that could occur if a delivery reached a precise size during MTA process. (NEO-46097)
* Fixed an issue which prevented tracking logs from returning data related to the recipient's browser. (NEO-46612)
* Fixed an issue which led to personalization issues when sending SMS messages using an external delivery mode. (NEO-46415)
* Fixed an issue which could generate duplicates in tracking logs. (NEO-46409)
* Fixed an issue which prevented the **[!UICONTROL Replicate Staging data]** (ffdaReplicateStagingData) technical workflow from stopping even when an error occurred during its execution. (NEO-46280)
* To prevent slowness when sending proof to seed addresses, all consecutive replications of seed members are now grouped to one replication request. (NEO-44844)
* Fixed an issue which displayed an error when trying to preview a delivery in any Message Center archived event. (NEO-43620)
* Fixed an issue when injecting data into Snowflake cloud database with a Campaign **Query** activity and a **Change Data Source** activity: the process was failing when a backslash character is present in the data. The source string was not escaped, and data was not processed correctly on Snowflake. (NEO-45549)
* Fixed an issue when using the **Query** activity and filtering a table. When a column name contained the word "Update", a compilation error occured with an invalid identifier and the following message: "number of rows updated". (NEO-46485)
* The **Database cleanup** technical workflow now also handles custom staging schemas. (NEO-48974)
* Fixed an issue which could slow down the delivery analysis, during the exclusion of denylisted recipients step, when targeting large volumes of recipients. (NEO-48019)
* Improved stability when handling invalid XML strings during SOAP calls. (NEO-48027)
* Fixed an issue which led to the creation of unnecessary DeliveryParts when the delivery was using calendar and split modes. (NEO-48634)
* Fixed a performance issue when using calendar-based waves. (NEO-48451)
* Fixed an issue which could lead to an error message in the delivery list screen after creating a new target mapping on a custom schema. (NEO-49237)
* Fixed an issue which could cause data loss if the staging workflow was in error and the retention period fully passed. (NEO-48975)

## Release 8.3.9 {#release-8-3-9}

>[!CAUTION]
>
> client console upgrade is mandatory. Learn how to upgrade your client console in this [page](../start/connect.md#download-ac-console).

_October 7, 2022_

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue which impacted the Delivery log status updates on the MID instance, when the FeatureFlag_GZIP_Compression option was enabled. (NEO-49183)
* The **Database cleanup** technical workflow now also handles custom staging schemas. (NEO-48974)
* Fixed an issue which could lead deliveries to stay in **Pending** status even if the contact date was reached. (NEO-48079, NEO-48251)
* Improved stability when handling invalid XML strings during SOAP calls. (NEO-48027)
* Fixed an issue which could slow down the delivery analysis, during the exclusion of denylisted recipients step, when targeting large volumes of recipients. (NEO-48019)
* To prevent slowness when sending proof to seed addresses, all consecutive replications of seed members are now grouped into one replication request. (NEO-44844)
* Fixed an issue which led to personalization issues when sending SMS messages using an external delivery mode. (NEO-46415)
* Fixed an issue which displayed an error when trying to preview a delivery in any Message Center archived event. (NEO-43620)
* Fixed an issue in workflows which could prevent files from being updated on server when using the **Data loading (file)** activity. The process stopped at 100% but never ended. (NEO-47269)
* Fixed an issue which led to the creation of unnecessary DeliveryParts when the delivery was using calendar and split modes. (NEO-48634)
* Fixed a performance issue when using calendar-based waves. (NEO-48451)
* Fixed an issue which could lead to an error message in the delivery list screen after creating a new target mapping on a custom schema. (NEO-49237)
* Fixed an issue that could occur if a delivery reached a specific size during MTA process. (NEO-46097)
* Fixed an issue which prevented tracking logs from returning data related to the recipient's browser. (NEO-46612)
* Fixed an issue during postupgrade on Japanese environments. (NEO-46640)
* Fixed an issue when using the **Query** activity and filtering a table. When a column name contained the word "Update", a compilation error occurred with an invalid identifier and the following message: "number of rows updated". (NEO-46485)
* Fixed an issue which prevented the **[!UICONTROL Replicate Staging data]** (ffdaReplicateStagingData) technical workflow from stopping even when an error occurred during its execution. (NEO-46280)
* Fixed an issue which could cause data loss if the staging workflow was in error and the retention period fully passed. (NEO-48975)
* Fixed an issue when injecting data into Snowflake cloud database with a Campaign **Query** activity and a **Change Data Source** activity: the process was failing when a backslash character is present in the data. The source string was not escaped, and data was not processed correctly on Snowflake. (NEO-45549)

## Release 8.3.8 {#release-8-3-8}

_May 18, 2022_

**What's new?**

<table> 
<thead>
<tr> 
<th> <strong>Time Sensitive notifications</strong><br /> </th> 
</tr> 
</thead> 
<tbody> 
<tr> 
<td> <p>With iOS 15, Apple added a notion of sensitive notification that gives control to the app developer to bypass Focus mode when a notification is considered as sensitive and then needs to reach the user in real-time.</p>
<p>For more information, refer to the <a href="../send/push.md#send-notifications-on-ios">detailed documentation</a>.</p>
</td> 
</tr> 
</tbody> 
</table>

<table> 
<thead>
<tr> 
<th> <strong>Core Privacy Service Integration</strong><br /> </th> 
</tr> 
</thead> 
<tbody> 
<tr> 
<td> <p>Campaign v8 now integrates with Adobe Privacy Core Service. Privacy requests pushed from the Privacy Core Service to all Experience Cloud solutions are automatically handled by Campaign via a dedicated workflow.</p>
<p>For more information, refer to the <a href="privacy.md">detailed documentation</a>.</p>
</td> 
</tr> 
</tbody> 
</table>

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th><strong>Response Manager</strong><br/></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>
<p>Campaign Response Management lets you measure the success and ROI of your marketing campaigns or offer propositions across all channels: email, mobile, direct mail, etc.</p>
<p>For more information, refer to the <a href="../start/campaigns.md#response-manager-add-on">detailed documentation</a>.</p>
</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

<table> 
<thead>
<tr> 
<th> <strong>Distributed Marketing</strong><br /> </th> 
</tr> 
</thead> 
<tbody> 
<tr> 
<td> <p>Campaign Distributed Marketing lets you implement collaborative campaigns between central entities (headquarters, marketing departments, etc.) and local entities (sales points, regional agencies, etc.). Through a shared workspace (campaign packages), you can create campaign templates and propose them to your local entities.</p>
<p>For more information, refer to the <a href="../start/campaigns.md#distributed-marketing-add-on">detailed documentation</a>.</p>
</td> 
</tr> 
</tbody> 
</table>

**Compatibility updates**

* Campaign v8 SDK now supports Android 12 and iOS 15 for Push Notifications.
* Campaign v8 is now compatible with Windows 11.

Refer to the [Campaign Compatibility matrix](compatibility-matrix.md).

**Improvements**

* Microsoft Exchange Online OAuth 2.0 authentication for POP3 is now supported in Campaign. [Read more](../config/external-accounts.md#bounce-mails-external-account)
* Critical fixes have been applied regarding the Microsoft Dynamics Connector web API. 
* The new Operator and group schema write (operatorWrite) named right has been added to allow users to insert, update and delete Operators (xtk:operator) and Operator groups (xtk:group) schemas. 
<!--* You can now enable the Email BCC (blind carbon copy) capability to store emails sent by Campaign at the delivery level, through the dedicated option in the delivery properties. [Read more](../config/email-settings.md#email-bcc)-->
<!--* To ensure better performances, a new "Split" option is now activated by default in the Routing external account. This option allows messages to be automatically split across your mid-sourcing instances in order to be delivered faster to the recipients.-->
* Multiple LINE active accounts can now be configured on a single mid-sourcing.
* The number of default connections for the web process has been increased from 50 to 150. 
* Campaign comes with a set of new guardrails to prevent insertion of duplicated keys in Snowflake database. [Read more](../architecture/keys.md)

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue which occurred when using seeds and control groups in the same recurring delivery. (NEO-41197)
* Fixed an issue on FFDA which led to email sending being blocked for all récipients belonging to the same deliveryPart during the sending process (up to 256) when personalization blocks contained one of the following characters: `' & < > "`. These characters are now supported in personalization blocks (example: firstname="Brian O'Neil"). (NEO-43184)
* Fixed an issue which could lead the tracking workflow to fail when using a custom schema as a target mapping. We now ensure that the type of the foreign link to a custom targeting schema is correct when generating broadLog schema via the target mapping wizard. (NEO-43506) 
* Fixed an issue which could lead the FFDA deployment workflows to fail for languages other than English. (NEO-44561)

## Release 8.2.10 {#release-8-2-10}

_February 2, 2022_

**Fixes**

* Fixed an issue which caused the delivery preparation to fail if the maximum number of messages, defined in the typology rule, was reached.
* Fixed an issue during the configuration of the Adobe Analytics connector when the email address contained an "s" character.
* Fixed an issue during postupgrade which could cause the deliveryMapping table to lose data from a custom delivery mapping.
* Fixed an issue which could lead to recipients receiving the same message multiple times for the same delivery when the email address contained a single quote character ('). This character is now escaped. (NEO-41198)
* Fixed an ID generation issue when sending proofs with seeds or substitution addresses. (NEO-42637)
* Fixed an issue which could prevent you from sending proofs using the substitution of address method. (NEO-40417)
* Fixed an issue which prevented you from installing the LINE package. (NEO-42503)
